EIP 4844 (part 2) (#14759)
ethereum/solidity: docs/cheatsheet.rst

  returns ``false`` on failure
- ``<address payable>.transfer(uint256 amount)``: send given amount of Wei to :ref:`address`, throws on failure

.. index:: blockhash, blobhash, block, block;basefee, block;blobbasefee, block;chainid, block;coinbase, block;difficulty, block;gaslimit, block;number, block;prevrandao, block;timestamp
.. index:: gasleft, msg;data, msg;sender, msg;sig, msg;value, tx;gasprice, tx;origin

Block and Transaction Properties
================================

- ``blockhash(uint blockNumber) returns (bytes32)``: hash of the given block - only works for 256 most recent blocks

> - ``blobhash(uint index) returns (bytes32)``: versioned blob hash of the given blob index. The versioned hash consists of a single byte (0x01) representing the blob hash version, followed by the last 31 bytes of the SHA256 hash of the KZG commitment (`EIP-4844 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4844>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``blobhash(uint index) returns (bytes32)``: versioned hash of the ``index``th blob associated with the current transaction.
    A versioned hash consists of a single byte representing the version (currently ``0x01``), followed by the last 31 bytes
    of the SHA256 hash of the KZG commitment (`EIP-4844 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4844>`_).
```

BTW, not sure if RST can handle the ``` ``index``th ``` syntax.

Author: Yeah, it seems that it cannot handle it in that way, but we could do: ` ``index``-th ` instead.

  returns ``false`` on failure
- ``<address payable>.transfer(uint256 amount)``: send given amount of Wei to :ref:`address`, throws on failure

.. index:: blockhash, blobhash, block, block;basefee, block;blobbasefee, block;chainid, block;coinbase, block;difficulty, block;gaslimit, block;number, block;prevrandao, block;timestamp
.. index:: gasleft, msg;data, msg;sender, msg;sig, msg;value, tx;gasprice, tx;origin

Block and Transaction Properties
================================

- ``blockhash(uint blockNumber) returns (bytes32)``: hash of the given block - only works for 256 most recent blocks
- ``blobhash(uint index) returns (bytes32)``: versioned hash of the ``index``-th blob associated with the current transaction.
  A versioned hash consists of a single byte representing the version (currently ``0x01``), followed by the last 31 bytes

>   of the SHA256 hash of the KZG commitment (`EIP-4844 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4844>`_).

Reviewer: `blobhash()` should be listed on the `Units and Globally Available Variables` page as well.
